well here we are at the North Pole when
we find Santa leave the talking to me
and the hasty trial the harsh sentencing
and the immediate execution hold on you
can't be Santa's judge jury and
executioner don't I get to do anything
what the hell are they doing here I
don't know
you
ding dong justice calling you've got to
help us he'll kill us all now max is
harmless mostly ma'am Santa he forced us
to make all those awful hurtful toys we
don't know what's gotten into you the
snow will turn red with the blood of the
novel the cartoons always made him seem
a lot more generally
it's a boxing Betty doll the finest in
remote control fisticuffs get the main
Tron teach us anything about the dangers
of playing with violent robots no I
didn't learn anything good I worry
sometimes
it's the world's simplest maze what's
the big deal always is a simple not
everybody has your not for lateral
thinking and heavy ordnance matters
all
we're trying to talk to Santa you know
him mind if I do cowering I'd encourage
it just remember to cower with your legs
not your back so what do you do here I'm
supposed to make this tree grow who by
crying Christmas trees love help tears
check who doesn't it makes them grow up
big and fast but I'm too darn happy I'll
never be able to cry what a shame it's
enough to make you cry I wish that we
could make you cry thanks I've been
trying to cry but I'm just too darn
happy we can fix that in fact that's
about the only thing we can fix if you
want to make me cry go ahead we want to
we want to be first
you don't still believe in Santa Claus
do you sir I do I thought this morning
oh I hate to be the one to break it to
you but Santa isn't real he's just
make-believe but the flat Easter Bunny
or elves but I'm an elf that's what
makes this so hard wait a second are you
saying I don't exist can you prove that
you exist well sure haha i Mena no I
guess I can't ouch break surprise we
were lying congratulations you exist
nice try but I don't believe in you
either well I can't believe he filled up
the entire can yeah we must have really
terrified the poor guy good work little
buddy oh stop that isn't a big he cried
Oh